Today I need to sit and address some things quite urgently with Amanda.
I believe Amanda is a hard worker that puts in extensive effort and really cares about the business. I also believe she is good with various compliance aspects of a medical clinic and currently holds our CQC license which we need. WE could move this to someone else with effort, but she has quite some experience now and with her attitude and effort, if we can get her to perform the role as expected by the CEO and needed by the brand, we can turn her into a high performing employee.

I'm also of the belief expectations have not been clear enough to Amanda, and instructions are often a bit confusing that could be unfair on her being held accountable for non-delivery. There are however items she should be picking up pro-actively, and doesn't need a CEO pointing out clutter in an office, or reminding her to put things away.

We have two receptionists, and the CEO is asking why the practice manager is sitting at reception with them. The two receptionist should be manning reception and backing each other up if one is busy or on lunch. Only if both receptions are not available, should the Practice Manager be sitting there as a back up. Otherwise she should wa;l the floor looking for things that are out of place or need correction, or checking in on staff if they need anything, or in one of the available rooms working on project or CQC items. I need to instruct her this today clearly so while the CEO is in this week we have this under control, but also it stops permenantly and doesn't go back to her sitting there with the receptions while the CEO and I are not in the London office.

Today i need to deliver these things clearly to Amanda so they are not misunderstood, but also i don't want to make her feel  like the's failing at her job either. I am a new manager and i can now set expectations and hold her accountable to the outcomes good and bad.

Over the last two weeks i have asked a few things which i feel she's done and i can acknowledge. She sent my Flash report as requested, she supplied the nursing roster and she ensure the 8am monday meeting happened when James is in town. She did this all as requested without reminder which I put as a good sign. I have also noticed how hard she workds, first one in, last one out. WOrking hard, long hours, looks like a highly committed person.

James was concerned that some of the nurses could not attend the 8am meeting, and that a few minutes after 8 Amanda went to his office to check if he wanted the meeting. This does feel a bit petty, but i need to feedback that she needs to confirm the week before with all staff if they're attending and try get those that make practical sense to attend be there at 8am when they sometimes start later on mondays when the CEO is not in town. The only staff that should be missing is is those that have to work late for coverage. She should also have sent ahead of time some notice of who can and cannot make it. The CEO said some nurses seemed not to know about the meeting, but i can at least re-iterate these rules in my session and not come down on her for these details which can be made a bit clearer going forward. The CEO is travelling next week so we're a few weeks out from the next 8am meeting anyway.

ONe more item i need to address is Nurse coverage. We may now have time for this in todays session which is more around expectations for Amanda, but the CEO is concerned we have too many nurses on some days, and i need to resolve with Amanda why this is and what our ideal number is.

Last point which should be part of todays expecations is the work board which Amanda needs to adopt as both a shared communication platform between me and her, as well as a list we can prioritise with multiple things being asked and ensure we not forgetting things. 

Amanda should be working the floor daily, maintaining a snag list and constantly striving for a michelin star level clinic experience.