**Some Background**
First off let's create some background information about Yaseen. Yaseen was originally the Chief Operating Officer he was hired bet about 12 months before me and he's been responsible for growing the clinic. He has hired people he has started the London clinic where he hired people, He has got several machines installed and set up various processes and spent quite a bit of time as the chief operating Officer. Since I've joined for over a year I've noticed a lot of inefficient processes and a lot of ways of work that I believe were working very well, so I've gotten involved in setting up meetings taking minutes looking at processes talking to people trying to really run operational things around the business that just weren't where they needed to be. After a bit of time doing this James the CEO started noticing I was a lot more equipped to run in this role than Yaseen was and he started picturing a new role for me where I could start looking after certain people that reported to Yaseen and looking after operations, and Yaseen could start focusing on new initiatives getting new machines and starting to look at where the business could add new products which have a lot of research and a lot of detail and something else seems very good at. So after much deliberation James with the Board of Directors decided to put me in the position of Managing Director, Yaseen would now report into me as the Chief Project Officer, and his old reports would now report into me and Yaseen would no longer have reports. Yaseen was not comfortable or happy about this change, and James gave him plenty time to work through it while talking to him but he just kept not understanding and needing more time and eventually James had to make the move and with the support of the board he made the move effectively the first of January 2025. I have now sat working with Yaseen trying to get him to focus on new projects, it has felt a little touch and go lucky as if he is potentially quiet quitting or whether he is needing more time to adjust to the role but it's taken about two or three weeks and I believe he's starting to step up and run in this role.

**Some issues to note**
I have started noticing some issues with Yasin First off an issue that happened quite early on that was addressed but I want it recorded. Once I got my new role shortly afterwards our current financial manager resigned This was quite a curveball for me and I needed to understand what she was doing and find a replacement in quite a short time frame. As the sole financial manager she had virtually no notice only 30 days and she used the 30 days which as a solo financial manager for the whole organization bolt duck an irresponsible situation to be in, if we were going to put her in a position and be so dependent on her a longer notice. Would be the diligent thing to do for the business. So in the week that she resigned I sat with Yassine and her and I unpacked all of her responsibilities depth detail, I then documented it and shared this document with Yasin and her and the CEO, and several times through the week we thought of things we had maybe missed and added this to our document In addition to this we also had separate meetings with Yasin whereby we spoke about his role and what he was focusing on and really reiterated several times that he needs to focus on this new role and I'm going to create as much focus as he can, As an example I will be running with the departure of the financial manager and I will taking all of that on and reach out to him if I need be. We also set up a work board which I set up with all my reports which would clearly show what he's focusing on right now and what's next. We then went on the Thursday to have a meeting with the CEO at Yasin's normal catch up time except I was included and here we brought up the work board and we spoke about the projects and I negotiated with James two projects that Yessien could focus on that were big meaty projects, and three smaller projects that could be used as fillers and when those smaller projects were completed we would keep the concept of 3 small projects 2 big projects. This all ended in alignment and I felt the weak ended in quite a good place regarding us handing over the financial managers responsibilities and really cleaning Yasin's plate and being quite clear about what he's focusing on. Friday morning while working with the financial manager she said she had a meeting with Yasin and needed to go for an hour, Valuing all the time I have with her leaving I was concerned what meeting she'd be having with Yasin so I inquired what are you meeting about, She replied Remco. I didn't understand what Remco was so I asked what's Remco and she explained this is when they look at remuneration for employees with the with the year end coming up we were looking at what we were going to be increasing the employees bar. I was a little taken aback that after an extensive week of looking at every single responsibility the financial manager had, and reiterating with Yasin his focus on projects and nothing else, that they were busy working on Remco which was a project that was completely unmentioned and not part of any of our discussions. In addition it would have been a project that Yasin would have been working on that would take away focus from his current set of projects we all spoke about extensively that week. In addition to this none of these people report to him anymore, and the financial manager has resigned and leaving in three weeks, so why would they be sitting and meeting about remuneration and not including me.. So it's a triple whammy, never had we spoken about what their roles were in more detail through the week, they don't have any part to play in remuneration going forward, and we had specifically spoken about Yasin's focus and things that could distract him and it didn't come up. I failed to see this was something that was just overlooked, to me it felt intentional and a form of gate keeping which are summing our fault has happened in the past specifically with the financial manager, but in Yassine's case probably him trying to hold on to things he can given the changes. I confronted Yasin with us straight away, he did not think it was a big issue as he felt he didn't just think of it this way, I explained to him that I'm trying to be transparent and I do not understand this and I am going to take his word for it but it was concerning for me and it felt more intentional, but I am going to choose to take his word for it this time But he needs to be clear about these things for me going forward.

Now as Tom has gone by a bit further a few other things have started coming up which is starting to paint a picture that's concerning me quite greatly from before Yasin became a my report. We hired unit manager just two months ago, and it turns out he has never signed his contract and that is still outstanding. In addition our medical officer in Cape Town Dr Ishmael Ibrahim has also not finished signing his contract. Our existing practice manager in Cape Town took on some new responsibilities a few months ago and also has not completed signing his contract. When we all agreed to promote this person into the practice manager role we also agreed that he should have some 3 month sets of expectations we can map him against to make sure he's actually doing the job the way we expect, and Yaseen put none of this together in any way that I can track how this person is done and now the three months have passed and I'm in a position where he's now in the role and there's no take back without process. In the handovers Yasin has given me I have got notes he has typed out in the two weeks that I asked him to do it There is no formal handover of contracts expectations or track notes overtime that these people have reported into him also in the UK there notes of the current practice manager in the UK that there have been various issues apparently reported, but nothing I have any track record of that I can do anything with and I'm starting from scratch with expectations. Also Ionem worried about the structure in the nursing unit where we have hired unit managers. There has been no formal comms and there is no clear reporting Lance for these nurses, and are now need to spend time trying to figure out who they should report into what their expectations are and various basics when it comes to putting teams and employees together causing me to rework these things instead of focusing on what I need to. The invoicing process around the practice in both the UK and SA has been very inefficient and there is a huge concern that we've lost a lot of money due to bad invoicing. With the financial manager leaving I have identified a new invoicing process which I've rolled out and within a week we have managed to completely change the way we do things, It was not such a difficult thing to do.

What's become over apparent is that Yasin has been a very ineffective operational person. He has done things that are borderline negligent in my opinion, example hiring employees without contracts. I need to record a list of these things so that I can have a session with Yasin to highlight these issues, as the board has taken the decision that he will not be receiving an inflation based increase this year with the rest of the staff. I need to meet with him to make clear that this is happening because of his past discretions, and it's not anything to do with the role change where he lost any compensation or rank within the company. However this needs to be on the record and noted because if he decides to go down the route of quiet quitting this is something I can utilize address performance if we are going down a negative route I'm hoping we don't.